[Music]
Vindication to the rounds of the Twisted
Coke here some balloons go up and smoke
take a deep breath try not to choke
intoxication kiss the poison get your
real gone grab you on the low play it
online with the W fly home spit high
five on the microphone the dop so good
they Minds all blown magic of the Cal
The Man Who Laughs in the purple trees
light bear got the sticky icky make you
sneeze Twilight Zone ha the jelly beans
I run with a Georgia Queen MK Ultra
project Monarch drug the
population like whoan did you think they
were expand it now sugar skull wizard
Walks By Fire King C has a spell hot
purple for the eyes Beetle Juice or the
clown boo Penny wise Hil Satan Gypsy
Queen of the cpra
co knows what I mean burnning purple
licks sing with the
muses orus
welcome back to Lady Babylon this is
initiating
apocalypse and I have some Vindication
for you tonight oh my beloved we are
going not just on a little date with a
little dinner no we are going tonight
for the Great opera are you ready for
this are you ready for this oh God this
is good it is so good that I'm going to
go ahead and jump into it but I want to
start off with a reminder a little
reminder of this clip and I just want
you to know for so
long you know just when I thought they
had the ceiling back on top of us what
happens oh God it gets completely
shattered it gets complet complely
shattered do you know how long it's been
do you know how long this fight has been
to get the boobs who are in the
way out of the way we've done it Satanic
congregation we've done it tonight let's
just remind ourselves happy anniversary
Lady B Babylon for two years that's
fantastic it's a new it's a anniversary
gift it's a ring ring of vindication and
I'm sharing it with you
tonight with you tonight the entire
satanic congregation thank you for
coming and for all the people who are
here with us family and friends at this
time of year thank you for coming by the
way I am not having classes tomorrow
thank you thank
you you're going to love this you're
going to just I'm so excited okay so
where are we people let's hear what the
academics the historians just a 10
second clip about what they said but um
whether there was recreational drug use
in the ancient world is very
controversial because we just don't know
we don't have any evidence for it it's
very what
controversial no no no controversial oh
my
controversy my God man what have we got
do that again chewy hit it again what
did he he say people these are your
authorities
speaking but um whether there was
recreational drug use in ancient world
is very controversial because we just
don't know we don't have any evidence
for
it okay it's been years I've been
throwing the evidence at their faces and
every time it hits they just stare back
off into the space they just stare how
can this be during my dissertation I sat
face to face with Carol Nan's head of
the Department of Classics University of
Wisconsin Madison face to face and she
told me take out the chapter on
recreational drugs the Romans just
wouldn't do such a
thing what did that idiot say hit it
again but um whether there was
recreational drug use in the ancient
world is very controversial because we
just don't know we don't have any
evidence for it it is not
controversial and we do know now satanic
congregation are you ready for this I
have an anniversary gift for you we have
been talking the whole time about Jesus
getting arrested in a public park with a
naked kid we've been talking about him
saying I am not a trafficker we been
talking about Christ things and the
world is waking up saying what is a
Christ thing what a who what Christ what
is that and we have been looking at it
time and time and time
again the drugs in the eyes in the right
we have seen it we have seen it now I
told you about a Cop do you remember I
told you about the cop of pora the cop
of
pora
right we have it we have it I've been
telling you please I've been telling you
what are they doing they're putting
these psychotropic drugs and they've got
ones that'll make you crazy like
psychotic and Furious and they've got
ones that'll make you extremely
horny and they're using them combining
them in the rights and it's the death
thing they put them into death and they
bring them back out they resurrect them
I've been telling you that the whole
time that they're doing it via the drugs
and people will still tell me it's it is
controversial it's not
controversial it is the reality and you
are standing in the way
shame ignorance and shame hit the hit it
one more time now look people look
people just listen listen to the give
him his chance bring that historian
again but um whether there was
recreational drug use the ancient world
is very controversial because we just
don't know we don't have any evidence
for
it okay Garrett I'm going to do you a
world of good are you ready I'm gonna
open a rift in space and time and I'm
going to go back and I'm gonna pull out
the cup of Lady Babylon hit it chewy hit
hit it here it
is we just don't have
evidence ancient Egyptians drank a heady
mix of alcohol bodily fluids and
hallucinogenic and hallucinogens doing
rituals and this isn't anybody saying
this look it's
scientists right it's about time those
nerds got their AXS together and went
out and said oh let's find it let's find
the most significant thing in human
history
nerds we just don't have any
evidence isn't this beautiful people now
bring that title up one more time
because I want to add something to this
title this is CNN couple of days ago
right ancient Egyptians I just want you
to know these are
toic
artifacts yeah this is helenistic Egypt
right these are people whose first
language is
Greek welcome and now we have a cup we
have a cup of their
[Music]
pora Jesus Christ Jesus Christ did you
think you would get away with it for
forever did you think you would get away
with it look Jesus here are the drugs
we've got the communion we've got the
communion I've been telling everybody
I've been telling everybody it's got
ejaculate in it my God man my God what
are you doing and nobody wants to talk
about it you know nobody want to talk
about drugs now we're finding their
recreational drugs and not just any of
them the ones they're using in the
mystery give it to me hit me with the
next one this is glorious watch this
people researchers have discovered the
residues of psychedelic drugs bodily
fluids and alcohol inside a 2,000 year
old mug suggesting that ancient
Egyptians
no
no yeah Greek
Egypt um and I'm going to show you how
you can tell that in a second remember
the library It's All Greek man right how
do you think they know all of these
recipes and
everything uhuh
Fantastic look at this drugs bodily
fluids and alcohol don't you love that
suggesting the ancient Egyptians embi
hallucinogenic bages during rituals it's
too bad you dumb shits didn't re read
this
stuff oh God how long has it been do you
know what this is satanic congregation
can I just look go ahead and take it
down to can I just look at you put me in
the corner can I just look at you in the
eye and say look it's two years we've
been doing this
together for me it's been a
lifetime it's been a lifetime of being
cassand
being painted as a
monster it's been a lifetime of me
having to take everything I was told was
important and to throw it out the
window
yeah this cup is our
Vindication do you get it do you get it
do you get it devil do you get devil
gets it look at the Devil he gets it he
Satan right now I told you we could find
it I told you we could this thing this
thing is marvelous give us what else
let's people let's take a Peeping Tom's
look into this Antiquity it is the first
time scientists have been able to
identify chemical signatures of liquid
concoctions sipped from mugs decorated
with head of best an ancient Egyptian
deity of fertility that's a nerd way of
saying this this stuff will make you
horny protection medicinal of course
it's medicinal being horny as medicinal
as it can be and I'm not talking just a
Andria horniness I'm talking about a
gyah hornus too do you know what I mean
we have to create terms these are
suppressed terms and this is Free Speech
right these texts are these texts I'm
teaching you these text right well this
is a CNN report is telling us what's
happening oh God best shaped vessels
were produced over a long period in
Egypt but only a limited number have
survived and all of them have been found
within different archaeological contexts
blah blah blah the new findings
published on November 13th oh I such a
good day in the journal scientific
reports resulted from a study of the
residues within a surviving best buug
that is currently on display in
Tampa
fantastic Danny Jones
please please sir please sir first of
all happy holiday to you and your family
enjoying hope turkeys yummy
please go down there to that Museum and
yank one or two of those professors out
and say why man I want you to ask him
Danny I want you to say I know this guy
and this guy is tell telling me that in
that stuff in that communion of pora is
the cosmos baby right ask him why does
it come from her do you remember us
talking about the cup people do you
remember us talking about the
cup love it
vaginal
proteins
wow fantastic total ID
right now everybody who's sitting around
saying this don't you feel stupid give
me the clip again give me the clip hit
him again come on
Garrett stand up but um whether there
was recreational drug use in the ancient
world is very controversial because we
just don't know we don't have any
evidence for
it no
evidence no evidence can we keep looking
can we keep looking right if no body
will listen to the dude who's reading
the ancient text about this Stu please
at least listen to the cup of bass baby
just please give it give me the next one
chewy give me the next one oh God Danny
Jones Danny Jones pleas go down there to
that museum Danny talk to those people
say why do it have this in it their
analysis detected for substance
categories oh cool an alcoholic base wo
flavoring agents that's totally I don't
know human bodily fluids there we are
and medicinal and psychotropic
ingredients now people why is there a
difference in our language between
medicinal and
psychotropic
yeah yeah look I told you before they
did not distinguish they've got a cup
full of alcohol vagina juice and
psychotropic drug
I don't think they're worried about did
you know these
recreational did you know get over there
build that period you stupid Egyptian oh
god oh do you see give that guy some
some of the milk of best he'll work
harder I love it give me the next one oh
god um
fermentation blah Blaha the bodily
fluids right fermentation is so old by
toic Egypt it's like not even considered
the bodily fluids were possibly a mix of
blood oh God breast milk
oh we're we're getting close
right mucus oh which may have been which
may have been fashional is that what it
says
oh god um Nas or saliva too what do you
think where do you think that robone
just
went where do you think that abdon just
went people you are watching satanic
congregation you are watching the live
birth of the mystery that I've been
teaching you for two full years do you
know what that gives us on this
countdown it gives us a year year and a
half for those of you who are paying
attention are you ready are you ready
for this gorgeousness and
gorgos oh give it to me give it to me
Chewy and among the plants included were
Egyptian blue water lily oh nice nice
nice nice and what sirian
Rue see that one all the time we have
oodles oodles RS freaking Scrolls
rolling down the street
of doctors talking about Syrian Ru right
hallucinogenic medicinal intoxicating
sedative what else perception and
enhanced Vision Visionary experiences
this is the whole cocktail says this
tenasi oh great and present we're
species of the Camy right known to
induce labor wait a minute what what
go back people go back and look at it I
told you these oysters these St or sigal
Road drugs were there originally to
induce
labor it's all coming through the
women oh God love it and you've got some
in that jar you've got some in that
jar this is everything do you want
satanic congregation do you want any
clearer
Vindication the fact that you're sitting
there taking up your time listening to
me right Vindication you have not spent
your time foolishly you've not spent
your time
foolishly so um let us get one more time
let us get it clear in our
minds this get ready with Garrett
this is your garbage Universe where the
Muse of history is
defiled but um whether there was
recreational drug use the ancient world
is very controversial because we just
don't know we don't have any evidence
for
it okay your reality is sitting in that
museum in Tampa it's it's sitting there
fantastic now shall we move forward now
shall we get going and see oh yeah
determining oh look what they put here
the only reason I put this in is look
this is near the end of the article
determining the ancient Egyptian
designations for the plants blah blah
who right Egyptian water lily and then
look what they say we'll be crucial in
trying to identify recipes from Greco
Roman temples I thought you said this is
Egypt right it is
it is this is toic Egypt
okay this is intellectual
center right of the helenistic
world intellectual Center it had moved
from Athens to Alexandria Egypt and the
Glory by the time that the glory of the
museum by the time that this is being
produced is coming out
is overwhelming people mother Greek had
done her thing the Tower of Babel had
been
[Music]
built yeah yeah and then this little
pissant Divinity named Yahoo came along
and screwed the whole thing up and
that's why the eighth is so important
because
Ammon must always return oh God that was
too dramatic I'm sorry I just wanted to
throw that as the bow on your gift does
people like that satanic congregation
please tell me if you'd like the the
Ring of vindication that I've given
you if not we can skip dessert right no
I'm just kidding I'm just kidding right
transdimensional child protect look are
we at work now right do we have to
discuss that now I guess we do I guess
you're never off duty when you work for
the transdimensional child protective
Association right love it hey my satanic
Hy Satan brother you too thanks Alex
yeah is that what yeah no sorry I don't
have my thanks bruh give me the next one
J we blast this off
boom people you want to see some drugs
woo here's a whole list here's a whole
list but I want you to look at the
second line do you know why because it
says you're gonna
Christ the Venom of the ASP into your
freaking eyes and you're going to
combine it this is only after you
combine it with the
cyan do you understand what I mean right
the lethon right right oh okay cool um I
told told you christing Venoms now I'm
going to say this once I'm giving
everybody here at satanic congregation
the new right we've pushed and finally
they can't deny the drug connection they
can't sit there and look stupid and say
oh God like one of my commenters said
you know hand F hand to forehead baby
palm to forehead they couldn't have been
doing recreational
drugs well please explain to us all the
meth labs we've been finding
right do you understand it in modern
terms okay we found the stash baby we
found the drug used in the mystery we
found the human
communion never we can never go back
isn't that nice a tribute to the
Fallen yeah
thanks
Madam give me the next
one no that's it that wait that's it no
where're there on the next oh there's
aite anyway um look at this people this
is the sentence I wanted you to focus on
look um they can never take this away
from us what is this this is christing
after you mix in the Viper or the uh
Venom of the
ASP okay right you're going to mix that
with
scyon right which is a form of stone
soall but it's not right just trust me
you're making a s a little cream that
you're going to put in the person's eyes
right and they're doing this with
seven and
more Venoms at the same
time think about the level Hamilton
Hamilton where's my friend Hamilton
perhaps if I hit him on the buttocks
will hear me from a distance Hamilton
it's almond
calling
yes don't tell anyone Hamilton but think
of the level or please figure out the
level of complication there um with
seven different Venoms and you're
crising these things into your eyes
right you're christing these things into
your eyes are are you people ready I I
told you I was G to bring you a gift
tonight I gave you one I'm going to give
you another I'm going to
summon a
[Music]
werewolf and you're like oh God he was
make me small he was with
me he was with me I was right there with
him he had it Martha he had it they
found the jar it's full of the stuff
that has her
ejaculate God what why why did he bring
in the were W oh God now people I am
going to bring you tonight
history's actual werewolves and why
would I do such a thing because
werewolves get
christed
werewolves get christed do you want to
see these chewy chewy go ahead hit me
hit me is it oh God before we get there
people please put on your prophylactic
christing please put it all over your
face here let me help you I'm going to
Christ on your face everybody give me
your face just walk by walk by I'm gonna
stand here on the stage everybody just
walk by and I'm gonna Christ my
prophylactic on your
face what yeah people the Christ thing
is all over the place it's not like it's
something that that that you know is
confined to one dude at one
time and here it is again now where is
this coming from medical
medical this is a physician why because
we're dealing with patients who are
liken
throes don't worry it's seasonal it's
seasonal isn't this you get to sit here
with me and see history's actual
werewolves are you ready and somehow
Jesus Is Right In the
Mix where's that fat Santa I think he's
gonna come Friday
is he's on too many mushrooms give me
the next
one um what is this people more drugs
more drugs but um whose drugs are these
this is Gorge just Al smma did he say
smma I did smma smma smma if you don't
know what smma is go get some from
someone who knows and rub it all over
your
face my
smma your
face who am I I'm
Cleopatra I am Cleopatra wait what that
said what we are looking at the smma of
the queen Cleopatra who is Queen
Cleopatra she's one of
those great leaders of that powerful
Greek influenced
monarchy yes oh God and on top of
everything she was
super super
smart super smart and way into the drugs
why because she was a priestess of Isis
you fool of course she had to know the
drugs she had to hold the wand of Osiris
what do you think that's
like are you ready to see I want to show
you the actuality this is Cleopatra she
has her own drugs and that was them give
me that line again chewy here they are
people right what does this passage say
by the way they were very expensive and
really good
smelling really good smelling and then
it lit the ingredients that she's going
to use in her own stash it's gorgeous
give me the next where are we getting
this
information this is from a doctor
welcome his name is edius and I know
that I've mentioned him before but I
just want you to look down on the
leftand column to the second to last
chapter heading these are like chapter
headings by the way this is no
translation at least I've never found a
translation right no nobody's translated
this stuff this is a Byzantine physician
he's actually a medical encyclopedist
and he writes down the quot of other
doctors about different things and this
chapter the one that's labeled Yoda
Alpha that's the number
11 right people are like cabala no it's
not and it has nothing nothing to do
with medieval
bunk it is simp simply a mathematical
system of
numbering right oh God people what is
the number of alpha beta and gamma but
who gives a
[ __ ] seriously we've got to solve the
laws of the universe not circle jerk
what is wrong with you people what does
it say there under number 11 it says
panras we're going to take you to
lycanthropy are you ready grab your
Thanksgiving partners and grab your
turkeys and let's dive into it um please
it's two paragraphs people are you ready
now
remember this is an encyclopedist
writing and he's telling us right at the
beginning he says look this dude
Maris right he has written about L
anthropy or as it is known conanthe
lycanthropy is person
wolf Kun
anthropy person a
dog dog person wolf
person fantastic now what does he say
I'm just going to keep translating you
got to keep that one blown up to M are
getting terrible right okay so what does
he say here he says you know it's called
the the disease is called by both of
these names right and it strikes
particularly in
February where the people drop
everything and go out and act like
wolves and dogs all night long until
morning and they do it in the
cemeteries and you're going to be able
to recognize these people by the things
they suffer by their symptoms for
example they're really pale they look
deathly sick right that's just what they
and they've got problems with
their eyes are dry they don't have tears
right and they have this empty visual
field Boop like who's there hello hello
right dry mouth they get dry mouth right
these are just the symptoms these are
just the symptoms they get dry mouth and
what else can't produce any spittle and
they're dipic you know what dips Sonic
means it means they have a constant
unrelenting thirst it's called poly
dipsia in English because we were too
lazy to use our own language we had to
find one that adequately that was
adequately endowed because English is
stupid stupid English English I hate you
English
English give me the next
one you know who I imagined doing that
too you know what I mean I'd love it
so um they look terrible right these
people are Terri they've got all these
symptoms and on top of everything and
you people who are sleuth minded out
there you people who solve cases and
puzzles you'll have to help us with this
one right you'll have to help us with
this one because then it says and they
have these bites or
injuries that don't heal and they become
ulcerous
and then the skin gets all black and
blue and they've got on on the
background of all this dog
bites dog
bites okay wait a
minute you mean we're sitting in the
doctor's office and our patient comes in
and they're looking like this doctor and
you're not freaking out shouldn't
somebody be called like this these
people maybe need the some kind of law
enforcement involved right something
funny is going on right they're going
out in February and they're just ended
up you pull them out of the cemeteries
and look what do we have to deal with
well he's about to tell you how to treat
these
people these people who come along in
February these people who end up
mimicking wolves and dogs
right oh God I think it's going to get
sexy I know it is you didn't think
werewolves were sexy but that's because
you've been watching too much fantasy
crap right this is history people what
do you think's happening in February can
I just tell them chewy what do you keep
up with me with the images what do you
think is happening in February that is
creating these patients for the doctors
everybody knows you don't have to and
are you around are you from around here
this is ancient Mediterranean everybody
knows
this yeah it's the lalia it's the lalia
what is that it's only the greatest
holiday baby it's only the greatest
holiday for
Roma do you understand what is that
lubrica we're going to worship that like
K and pan who lives in that cave at the
bottom of the Palatine Hill and do you
know who we found in that cave we found
the nurse we found the wolf that nursed
Romulus and
Ramos do you know what that Lupa is do
you know who that wolf is do you know
the sacred name of
Rome fantastic let's go there you see
it's culty I told you it's really culty
we're gonna have to get into the cult
now right okay so buckle up right now I
told you the drugs they're doing the
drugs right and then boom you get get
the drugs that they're doing in in these
mystery rights with these body
fluids yeah yeah you're getting them
right okay give me the next give me the
next
boom no we're done give me the next one
I want you to focus just for a minute
where do they hang out that's what this
says they hang out most especially
around the tombs the tombs right I'm
talking
Maia right
talking graveyards this is the kind of
place to hang out give me the next one
and what else do we know about these
people we involved in these February
wolf
celebrations we know that they end up
coming down with like cthr next next and
AAS they get into it and end up just
like wolves and
dogs isn't that gorgeous you know what
we do on February 15th this is our
holiday are you
ready we stripped out I know it I can I
can hear their voices like oh I knew it
I knew it was nasty listen to me this is
Roman Holiday are you you ready for a
Roman
Holiday This is sponsored by the state
baby if you don't do this right you'll
screw up your future you'll end up with
a bunch of people who want to worship
Hitler these are pations you got to go
through this man what do we do we grab
all the pubescent young men and we strip
him naked oh I knew he was going to say
that and we oil them
and we give them
strips of leather strips of
skin and we let them run around town
they just run around the hill the
Palatine Hill right and the people line
up wrong the way the women do because
the women want to get hit with those
skins that they just cut off those
sacrifices by the naked
boys why is that Aunt Mar
because it makes them fertile it
guarantees the Next
Generation because you have
respected the great
Lina the great she wolf do you
understand oh God she's the leader she's
the leader of that pack it's absolutely
gorgeous who is she who
breastfeeds
Romulus who is she did did you know now
I've been telling people first I told
people drugs and people were like nah
couldn't
be okay now I'm going to tell you now
that you know it was I'm going to tell
you they're using breast milk in many
and Sury ways in
medicine they're adjusting it by what
they're giving to the midwives do you
understand they're adjusting it The
Midwives are taking all of this
knowledge and all of this drug
work and they're
creating breast factories with milk of
life where do I sign up right where do I
sign up
please please these milks then are going
into the drugs that the doctors are
talking about and prescribing to
people Isn't it nice let's watch people
it's real life it's not you're not in
fantasy world
right just because you suddenly
understand you can use breast milk go
back to the one that we were just boom
just because you can know next because
you can use the breast milk doesn't mean
you should feel funny about it yeah
we've got visual problems people that's
enough that we need to know right we're
having problems we're diotic we're
thirsty as hell so what is the doctor
going to do for us this is the rest of
the passage so knowing these signs of
the disease it's important for you you
to recognize that lycanthropy I'm
translating is a form of
melancholy you know which you can trade
over time according to the signs right
sometimes you
photomizer that blood out all the way to
the point to to where you're just
maintaining
Consciousness and you give them a diet
that is full of the
ukic nourishing principles okay what
nerd right with these people they're
they're crazy right then he goes on he
talks about baths he talks about the
sweet bath I don't even know what that
is right what kind of treatment is that
right it's
just okay but it's very
specific very specific
let's keep going give me that give me
that next
one boom and what kind of treatment is
you say that you have to do you know you
treat this thing over time right you
bleed them and give them these baths and
what else do you do for a certain number
of days you purged them right with
specifically the
hea that is of cisen used by Rufus and
ares and eustus and you have this
process over an several days after which
you use the thec of the
aidai the one that we gain through the
knowledge of the aidai who who were they
the
eoy those who were using these specific
drugs the
EOS okay there is a temple to a kidna
in the acts of Thomas or and or uh
Phillip yeah check it out right she's
there and it's not like
unusual right this is the place where
the people are using these drugs in
medicine that is
religious right mystery is medical
religion it is meant for your salvation
do you understand fantastic everybody
repeat after me christing is an
application of a drug to the eyes to
open
them to the new life oh I love it I love
it are you ready you didn't you didn't
you know you want to be with Jesus you
know surprise surprise right here he is
give it to me give it to me people what
is this doctor talking about he says
look this is one of those mental things
and there are many types of mania that's
what that says in the Greek there are
many types there are myriads that's like
their uncountable number right it's are
billions maybe right give me the next
one um what happens to these people they
get
aoon um they get voices right we're
talking about the things the induction
of mania through Melancholia
through the black
bile the black bile do you know the
drugs that will reduce your black bile
that's why you're depressed all the
time right you need to come out in
February to the
graveyard yeah we'll Purge
you we'll Purge you and you will be the
lyan
Thro isn't it gorgeous now you think
what does this have to do with Christ
I'll show you I'll show you what it has
to do with Christ give me the next one
chewy oh it's this is delicious tonight
people because this is place no is a
place nobody goes I just wanted to why
did I am I gratuitously fetching you
ancient Greek look at this people make
me small look at this
people
boom you know who there are in the world
this says there are those ladies
who become
so
driven by
desire yeah they're mean
ads yeah and what do we need to do what
do we need to do we need to find those
Meads and we need to give those Meads to
cou of best and we need to revive those
healing
rights yeah interesting look he's got an
agenda he's got an agenda no no no I'm
talking to you from
Antiquity and we as Physicians are going
to have to figure out with edius how do
you treat these people bro they've been
off doing the wolf thing they've got
psychological problems dude this is
maniacal how do you bring them down and
give it to me Chewy let's see let's see
let's just quick translate quick
translate the rest of it no well that's
just crazy man nothing's more crazy than
this craziness right
um where do these people like to hang
out they like to hang out this says they
like to hang out in those dark
places right among the
tombs do you remember when Jesus found
the dude in the Tomb how many kids does
Jesus end up with in tombs
how many resurrections how much drug use
in christing are you going to have to
see before you
realize the depth of your sick
cult yeah yeah any of you mons this is
yours you buy this stuff right you got a
mark right that right on your Soul's
forehead yeah you can't see it but you
got a mark and you're going to end up
with this dude the dude who is
propagating a sick
version yeah yeah something for which
you can get crucified if you get
arrested and you have given this liar a
pass this Tyrant that you have elected
to the throne for
centuries now
now you're about to see what happens to
Talos know who you
are
no give it to me Chewy that was that was
too much of a lecture man they didn't
need that but there was a little there's
a little spanking there I get a little
vindicatory spanking um these people
like to hang out in the mo stride those
voids give me the next one and what do
we do we bleed them give the next one
and um why are we doing all of this in
order to derive the
kisma
kma now you can read some of the
definition you can say spiritual
Grace
no that is a false perception implanted
in your brain to get you into an
Alleyway to do things that you normally
wouldn't give me the next one
we're looking for it people are you
looking for the
crism let's get the
crism here's one you're GNA Christ his
mouth with the anal gland of a beaver
mixed up in oil with some kind of
sied oh
God are you sure you want are you sure
you want to hang around these
Christians are you sure you want to know
what it is to partake of the Flesh and
Blood are you
sure look at what your faith has done it
has created a false
world where your Jesus cannot even be
understood I told the world as Ammon I
told the
world
hey you're all on
drugs and the world told me
no I'm telling you now
again a Christ is a form of drug and
they use it in sexual rights dirty dirty
dirty
stuff if you are studying Christianity
you need to find the dirty original and
it's locked up with that naked kid that
that's with Jesus and people now will
tell me that is ridiculous oh
Preposterous oh this is
preposterous until we
find the stuff that Jesus sucked out of
that
kid on that night that faithful
night good God man good God give it to
me again chewy this is it's a little too
heavy I'm sorry satanic congregation a
little too
serious give the next one but this is
vcation night next one after that go
let's roll let's roll baby we've been
there we've been there right here we go
that's okay who are we looking for we're
looking for lukina the She Wolf I want
you to look at that on the bottom line
we're talking about ladies we're talking
about ladies and they use of
Artemis in
mithraism I thought mithraism was a
about a dude with a turban
no it's about Artemis you
dumb sorry no that's not right it's not
right it's not right because this has
nothing to do with dumb or smart when
people don't have these sources they
don't know how are they supposed to know
this thing right shame on
almond right how are they supposed to
know this you can't well okay now we can
fault you for your ignorance because I'm
putting it up here
right people are showing they're
learning it look at give me the next one
give me the next one oh
god look people the name of Rome is a
glorious thing a lot of people know but
we don't know what the source is the
reason that it's called Rome and none of
the people who write about this kind of
stuff know some people say the
plans they were coming through taking
over everybody and the place that they
settled where they took it over and and
and built a permanent kind of life to
live in these places right one of them
was Rome and they called
Rome Rome because of Roman the Greek
right meaning
strength right why are they using Greek
because palasan is a
form an older form of nice in the
Greek okay beautiful beautiful isn't
that something you thought it was all
the Sanskrit Grim Brothers get the Grim
Brothers get those Grim Brothers out
here come here you fat little Bobs of
crapulence I think we have somebody for
the poophole oh my God I just realized
that grimbs into the poophole for all
that Indo European crap do you want to
see what it's done here excuse me excuse
me Chewy for the first time on lady
Babylon this is for you oh God
y enjoy that boys Grim Brothers what
chewy later eat a burrito that'll do it
give me the next one did he just do what
I thought it's method acting people
right get your own
Poole right some people think that the
Trojans when they you know when they
back the city that the Trojans fled and
they they got on ships and then due to
these storms they washed ashore in the
um where the atrans are right under the
control of the
Tans right and what happened it's a long
story but the women were like no no no
we're g to we're going to settle and
we're going to do X Y and Z right and
they decided to do it give me the next
one um but he talks about this is what
the name name of Rome means for this in
this case and in one case Rome is that
daughter the daughter of odius and
Cersei wait what I didn't even know they
had a daughter
dude right did I tell you there are
thousands thousands of Greek
sources yeah it's amazing it's amazing
what you will find out there right you
didn't even sitting right there right
there out in the open give it to me
right people when you read these texts
you're going to find out like things
about Jesus that are going to scare you
right and we're talking about the mother
of ramulus right some people say she was
Amelia the um daughter of anas and linia
that's what this says right the one
who's mingled with Aries right give me
the next one what's happening Gods man
I'm telling you these Gods they're
entering the stream these are those
drawn down Stars baby and let me tell
you a story about a [ __ ] hoold named
tarus he was an Alburn king and you know
what happened I'm sorry I'm to I'm
cursing too much the the YouTube people
I love you all you people at YouTube who
control this universe I love you and I
find you to be so
incredibly incredibly sexy please please
let's make maintain a professional
balance here right it's satirical humor
people right hell Satan it's how he
stays on I think they I think they
bought it let's go hit it oh God the
king what is he he's this terrible King
and he's he's Paran he's look he's
paranomic he's he doesn't follow laws he
has no he's like nothing that's coming
out of the Greek tradition right this is
Hut dwelling jerk you know what I mean
and what does he do
um he gets a miracle in his house and
what is the miracle it is a fosma
dionan it is a demonic
spirit in the form of a
phon in the form of a
penis that comes out of his
fireplace and sits there looking at
everybody okay give me the next one go
what's he gonna do right so what does he
do well darcus isn't a dummy he consults
an Oracle and the Oracle says hey um
obviously if you got a phus pointing at
you mount it right what else would you
do is there anything else you can do you
can't make a building out of it you
can't make other little tiny sculptures
out no what's the purpose of the thing
um so he tells his daughter he says look
you're gonna have to mount this thing
produce a baby from it and she's like no
way Dad and she's like hey servant girl
right the servant girl's like oh god
seriously and she's like Mount that
thing right and so she does the servant
girl does do you like this story right
this is the foundation story of Rome
people give it to me give it to me and
what does this tarus do right well
the baby is born right because of course
what' you think was going to happen
right the the nurse she she has
twins she has
twins and she gives them to tarus right
what does he do he order somebody to
take him out and kill
[Music]
him right what happens though you
everybody knows the story everybody's
from Rome we all know the story of what
happens there right
they get picked up who picks them up
this wolf this
Lucina and she starts to nourish
him right and believe it or not a
woodpecker comes along a woodpecker
comes along feeds them the birds they
feed
them it's miraculous people there's
there's no other way to talk it's little
kids being protected well
eventually these little twins get picked
up by a
Shepherd right who's noticed right holy
mackerel this little these little twins
they've been fed by the by the wolf by
the Lupa do you know who that Lupa is do
you know why in February you and I go
out to the cemetery and come home with
bites do you know why we take off all
our clothes before we do it
and if we follow protocol we pee in a
circle around the clothing don't you
know this kind of stuff don't you know
this kind of stuff this is what
christing does I thought you were going
to show us christing give me the next
one chewy they need the Christ thing
they're hungry they're hungry for it
because they don't believe me right they
don't believe me oh let's just talk
right the Priestess of hesa keep going
this is Vestal Virgin stuff going on
people we're talking about Ilia and
rehea we're talking about Sylvia right
rehea
Sylvia and who is
she who is the great nurse of Rome who
is it give it to me who is
it well she's
connected with the Goddess that has to
do with nursing
nursing right
it's her milk do you know in the riot
you remember I told you when they're
putting you into death they're sexually
energizing you they're engaging you
sexually you must come through this
pathway of the milk if you don't have
her milk and how do you get her milk how
will you think you get her milk you
drink it and if you're not on that milk
you're not going to get the Glen Jesus
was using a boy substitute for his nurse
because the boy is also a cup it turns
out you can take a young kid you can
castrate them give them all sorts of
drugs and then suck out of their
body
an to a cup that Jesus just took the cup
of the wrath of God isn't that gorgeous
it's death what is the wrath of God you
[ __ ] it's death it's what Jesus got
because as he's hanging on the cross he
didn't get what that boy was giving
him and you
say this this is preposterous this is
exaggeration it's Preposterous and we'll
wait another 10 years for your stupid
asses to fall down in ignorance
give it to me again where is Garrett
come on Garrett tell us did they use
drugs in
Antiquity but um whether there was
recreational drug use in the ancient
world is very controversial because we
just don't know we don't have any
evidence for it we just don't
[Music]
know it's
ridiculous but this is how Academia will
treat you they want you to buy the tour
people they want you to buy the tour and
we're telling them instead no we don't
want the tour we want the
reality we want Jesus Christ stoned out
of his mind with a naked kid in a public
park getting arrested saying I am not a
trafficker because that is our
[Music]
reality give it to me next one let's go
oh God
Thanksgiving Thanksgiving I think we're
yeah I think I was almost finished
yeah yep no next one let's go ahead and
go to the next one I just want to tell
you really quick
what what did I pick this one out for oh
look people there's a woodpecker there's
a woodpecker here right this is telling
us that the wolf is nourishing those
kids just like the Woodpecker is and why
is this important because the Woodpecker
remember that that stuff we put on your
head that practic that I was showing you
before this is where it comes in handy
look at he
hados right do you understand
me
Aries
is that
woodpecker right the
D the drw what c what does that mean to
copto something well duuo is like an oak
and clo is it to bang against it he an
oak
Banger
fantastic for those who have ears to
hear let's go let's get it everybody
gets a trait right next one everybody
gets a little trait what's in this one
that I wanted you to fish out you can
stop this one later but I want you to
realize I'm going to just translate the
Latins right those Latin speakers they
call wolves I'm translating
Theon tasas
they call them those actual
wolves those animal
wolves and women who H Tyro
you women who have intercourse with
you they called
them
right
wolves
wolves do you understand why we know for
a fact and Source after Source after
source that the prostitutes are the ones
who hang out in the
cemeteries do you understand where we go
when we follow the great
Lupa do you know why the mother of Rome
the mother of all your brothers and
sisters who fight for the beauty that's
in the world do you know what we all are
we are all descendants of
Venus that desire is first and foremost
and your religions cannot stop us it is
a part of nature the mystery is
[Music]
natural
fantastic fantastic let's go couple more
and we're done couple more I know people
are like oh God I want to go drink and
curse at my Uncle who's a fascist right
for all the people who love Hitler out
there your
morons okay let's keep going let's keep
going oh um this we talking here about
the breasts of the Lucina again and what
is working on there I just I just want
to throw in more of the wolf and just
keep giving you the wolf so you can know
what they're doing and what these
doctors have to treat them for but here
she is people here's the Lupa right from
the Latin she is that wolf but she is
also that
prostitute that prostitute do you know
who it was who had all the drug
knowledge and Antiquity where they could
manipulate your breasts to make
dispensaries of ritual drugs do you know
where they had that knowledge with these
women they were exercising it you
[ __ ] isn't that
gorgeous makes me want to be a dog
man doesn't it you makes me want to be a
dog man Che you want to be a wolf man I
kind of yeah totally thumbs up for chewy
there right is that a thumb technically
yes here he is what have you been doing
you need to get to edius the doctor and
repair your wounds right um by the way
did he ever tell us how he was going to
treat all that I think he did did we get
to the no we need to get to the last go
back chewy we almost missed the climax
people oh my God no it's way it's way up
it's way up it's one of these it has to
do with the it's the second set of
instructions oh my God the Falcon is
just stopping it's just no engines let's
go right there maybe it's that no that's
not it either that's not it either there
it is people what do we do with our
werewolf thing when we really get into
it and we really need help I want you to
look at the second to last line second
to last line are you ready for
this what do we use we Christ Our
nostrils with
opium we Christ Our nostrils with opium
you mean if I'm a wolf I'm going to get
christed yes you are and when Jesus goes
to the oh I'm I'm jumping ahead we'll
get to Jesus but
I'm going to get christed in this whole
process if I am a lycanthrope now for
everybody out there who studies this
horror stuff they're like oh I like
werewolves right no you don't you like
medieval [ __ ] right I am giving you
the actual werewolves and what they did
did they
transform oh God and you watch your
stupid movies right no you want to see
them how they really were this text this
medical text is telling us and it
happens to paint a far more interesting
anthropological picture than the fairy
tale that you are gravitating
toward right Jesus Christ is in his
vampire form and we have werewolves
doesn't anybody find that interesting oh
god oh it's
making I can feel it give it give me the
next it's taking me over give me this um
oh op look every did everybody know that
bill was that a was that a foregone
conclusion well right after they give an
opium it says on that line below that I
don't need it but it says below that it
says they give him a hypnotic right they
give him a hypnotic to yeah to induce
sleep just in case nobody believes me
look at the very last word hon they give
him a a drink to induce complete and
total unconsciousness right they're
gonna kick him kick him with an w w with
a drug cocktail into that sleep why
because you're treating
lycanthropes who want to be out at the
cemetery getting demon possessed by
her the great
Lucina yeah do you understand do you
understand why we do
it oh my God it's absolutely
anthropological loveliness its
gorgeousness and gorgios
you know like wine poured out in a Space
Capsule right oh God open your eyes take
a look take a look it's okay it's okay
you can still sell your
t-shirts right but these are the facts
of the history right don't defile stay
in the poophole if you're going to try
to defile history right oh God where are
those little guys hey it's beginning to
stink Grim Brothers Grim Brothers in a
poophole give it to me give it to me
Jesus Christ please tell us what do you
have to do with these christing
werewolves well you see Jesus came to
the shore I'm translating Jesus came to
the shore right of the sea next to the
land of garene and what did he do he
disembarked the ship and this dude ran
up to him right out right out of the
tombs and he's what is he it says
literally he is in a spirit that is a
cathartic he is you know what this dude
has done he's had
bests he's had
best right and guess what dude's living
in the tombs now dude's living in the
tombs Jesus has got to do something
about it Jesus has got to do something
about it right here's another passage
right through the the whole night this
dude day this dude he's in the
tombs right doesn't have anything else
Cuts himself Cuts himself with
stone right why is he doing it right
those freaking ulcers man those fraking
ulcers first of all does anybody have a
drink of water and number two how do I
get these ulcers to go away right it's
enough to make anybody a lunatic right
here here's another reference to it and
I just want you to noce on the second
time line this time it puts there two
people and it specifically says that
they are
demoniacs they are demoniacs hanging
around
those
mzia you remember where Jesus ends up in
Bethany in in a mosum with a kid
naked
right saying oh I love you Jesus he's do
you
understand it's February
Christianity it's time to see where you
where you've been right give me the next
one chewy almost done here we just have
to execute Jesus here right um for those
of you who don't like me saying that I'm
sorry but the dude was a rascal you know
what I mean
um so this certain guy from the city
comes out and he has this demon right
and takes off his clothes just like the
doctor's text said they drop everything
they just go out and we know this we
have we have other skin changing texts
to talk about you take off clothes you
pissing around and circleing them and
you go off and you do your thing right
um and anyway this guy he's he's staying
in the tombs again just more people I'm
just bombarding you with evidence that
from the Bible that matches perfectly
with the other Greek that's used around
it exactly it's explaining right no
Christian could ever explained to you
what was going on you lived in a fantasy
world and you thought there were
cemeteries full of people right who were
possessed by
demons and you believed in a fantasy
because you did not see the rights you
didn't see the drugs you didn't see the
sex that was involved with the christing
and you didn't know so you propagated a
lie now is your
chance devil only gives you one you know
it's a lie now what are you going to do
are you going to tell your family are
you going to let them live in the
LIE yeah yeah fantastic give me the next
one give me the next one we're not going
to live in that lie people we have no we
have no um we have no need to um a
cathartic demons I just want you to see
it again a cathartic demons that's what
we're dealing just like we are with all
of the other Greek it's the same system
and Jesus says in that system them I'm
going to quote here from Mark
16:18 my followers they will pick up
snakes and if some of them drink Death
inducing drugs they won't be
hurt okay son of seon people say I don't
see
drugs there's one right there a drug
it's a CL drugs death inducers these are
mystery drugs drugs that are meant to
put you into a state of death from which
you can be revived it's very specific
where is he Garrett give me Garrett come
back Garrett do we have drugs in
Antiquity but um whether there was
recreational drug use in the ancient
world is very controversial because we
just don't know we don't have any
evidence for it yeah okay thanks thanks
a lot now do you see my frustra people
do you see it you just don't ever tow
the line oh God give it to
me people I want to end with this I want
to end with this what is the drug by the
way that our doctor tells us he's going
to be using it's a h it's a h what is
that well it's a
serpent it's a serpent and it's a name
for many medicines in the Greek
pharmacopia how do you like that the
word is based in the root that is used
for Holy sacred having to do with
temples having to do with practices in
temples and it's the name of a class of
drugs and one of these in our text was
the the thec ladies and gentlemen of
satanic congregation I have brought you
the Beast of the
Apocalypse thank you for coming tonight
for
Vindication and for everybody else who
got the painful stinging burning
sensation in Vindication you deserved it
hail Satan show me love big bags of but
purple fingers sticky touch turn it up
to mix a lot I can't not lie I like big
bucks Monte Carlo cruising up B see my M
de and Lady Justice I trust Vella with
the leather Whip and the red coet and
stiletto heels the drug will take him to
hell she likes the darkest dreams snake
witch with Dragons dancing rock and roll
the stone man thing she sent you to the
Dark Harbor to pick up the stash it's a
Monster Mash try some high purple you'll
have a bash why you so serious I'm The
Man Who Laughs lady
Babylon in a
chariot by a seven headed beast draging
drum I love you Mama dear hell Satan
turning up out the speakers dope twers
this tracks a banger
[Applause]
that's my girl Penelope